Alice was so tired when she got back home so she went
Jack and Lily saw a rainbow after a rainy day. They were amazed by the colours. Jack said, "Look, Lily. A rainbow has
Jack and Lily liked to watch the moon at night. They noticed that the moon changed its shape every night. Sometimes the moon was big and round, and sometimes it was
Jack wanted to read a book, so he went to
"Can cows fly?", Alice asked her mother. 
"What do birds like to eat?", Tom asked his mother.
"What language do they speak in France?", Tom asked his mother
If I throw a ball up in the air, eventually it will
It was winter and cold outside so his mother told him, "You should
Lily likes cats and dogs. She asked her mum for a dog and her mum said no, so instead she asked
Jack told Mary, "If you give me your banana, I’ll give you my apple". Mary gave Jack her banana so
On weekends Jack went to visit his grandmother whereas on weekdays he would go to school. Last weekend, when Jack was on his way to
Lily and Ben were having an argument. Ben said that cake is much better than ice cream and Lily said that
Lily and Ben are having an argument. They are trying to decide between the park and the swimming pool. Ben says, "I want to go to the park". Lily says
Jack’s mother was not home, and his father was at home. When Jack came home, he said hello to
Lily doesn’t like swimming. When her father wants to take her to the swimming pool, she says
Both Ben and Lily wanted cake. Father said that there was only one piece of cake left. They
Ben went to visit Lily in her house, but she was not at home. Ben knocked on the door
"Hi Jane, have you seen Alice? I can’t find her anywhere", said Jack.
Max had two dogs. One was white and the other was black. Max walked up the street and saw a kid with a dog. He told the kid, "I see you have a brown dog. I also have
Anne had a piece of candy in her left pocket and a piece of chocolate in her right pocket. Anne’s mum asked her, "Anne, what is that you have in your left pocket?"
Alice had both an apple and a carrot in her bag. She took the apple out of the bag and gave it to Jack. She reached into the bag again and took
Alice and Jack walked up the street and met a girl in a red dress. The girl said to them, "Hi, I’m Jane. What are your names?"
Diva was hungry, and wanted to bake a cake, but she didn’t have any sugar at home, so she decided to go ask around. She started walking and met a squirrel. She asked the squirrel, "Would you happen